By and large your private time of the service is your own and you are
not obligated to do any work on it, but like every other job that you
have in civilian life even, there are a lot of things that you just
can't get done for your work at work. It may be reading it may be
studying it may be going over a presentation. You're going to do or
something and the navy's like that too and the marine corps was as well.
So there are times and at night especially when you're doing training
or at school where it may be your private time you may be off
duty you may be at home but you have to pull out the books you have
to pull out your studies and spent a little time on them. I would say
probably ten percent of your private time is spent taking care of
your navy and your marine corps duty, taking care of uniforms and the
like.